Improve doc on place and dig prediction effects and itemdef defaults (#17044)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

> Defaults for the `on_place` and `on_drop` item definition functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default functions for item definition table
```

-------------------------------------------------------------------

> Note: These can be overridden to modify the according defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For functions in the item definition table that are left `nil`, the following functions get called instead.
They can be overridden to modify the according defaults.
```

Author: There are functions that stay `nil` if not given, e.g. `on_use`.
Added a text to make the section more clear.

* `core.item_place_node(itemstack, placer, pointed_thing[, param2, prevent_after_place])`
    * Place item as a node

>     * If `placer` is not `nil`, nor a (fake) player with name `""`, replicates

Reviewer: Yeah, please remove the `nor a (fake) player with name "",` part.
If I'm not wrong, in the API the concept of a fake player does not exist (yet).
A player with the name "" is just not a player see:
https://github.com/luanti-org/luanti/blob/2a9430961330eabfcba7cec266e8ab4a965048e6/doc/lua_api.md?plain=1#L8843

But writing `or not a player`, is probably not right, and this information is not really useful for mod authors anyway, so I would just not document it.
Such that the function is only well-defined if placer is `nil` or a player, but not if it is e.g. a string.

>     * If `placer` is not `nil`, nor a (fake) player with name `""`, replicates

Author: Done.

Defaults for the `on_punch` and `on_dig` node definition callbacks
------------------------------------------------------------------

Note: These can be overridden to modify the according defaults.

> 

Reviewer: I suggest to remove those lines (GitHubs suggestions seems to be broken here.)
The chapter distinction before is wrong anyway because of `item_eat`, `item_pickup`, ...
Also, you now wrote the corresponding field as a **Note** everywhere.

Author: Which lines do you mean exactly?

`item_eat` is indeed out of place (idk where to move). `item_pickup` not.

Will remove the `**Note**` highlight.

Reviewer: Like this:
``` diff
diff --git a/doc/lua_api.md b/doc/lua_api.md
index 9557e9c33..d52df2554 100644
--- a/doc/lua_api.md
+++ b/doc/lua_api.md
@@ -7146,7 +7146,7 @@ Rollback
     * Revert latest actions of someone
     * `actor`: `"player:<name>"`, also `"liquid"`.
 
-Defaults for the `on_place` and `on_drop` item definition functions
+Default functions for item definition table
 -------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 Note: These can be overridden to modify the according defaults.
@@ -7196,12 +7196,6 @@ Note: These can be overridden to modify the according defaults.
     * `replace_with_item` is the itemstring which is added to the inventory.
       If the player is eating a stack and `replace_with_item` doesn't fit onto
       the eaten stack, then the remainings go to a different spot, or are dropped.
-
-Defaults for the `on_punch` and `on_dig` node definition callbacks
-------------------------------------------------------------------
-
-Note: These can be overridden to modify the according defaults.
-
 * `core.node_punch(pos, node, puncher, pointed_thing)`
     * Calls functions registered by `core.register_on_punchnode()`
     * **Note**: This is the default for `on_punch` in node definition.
```

With the Note I only meant that the field names don't have to be part of the headline(s) anymore.

* `core.node_punch(pos, node, puncher, pointed_thing)`
    * Calls functions registered by `core.register_on_punchnode()`
    * **Note**: This is the default for `on_punch` in node definition.
* `core.node_dig(pos, node, digger)`
    * Checks if node can be dug, puts item into inventory, removes node
    * Calls functions registered by `core.register_on_dignode()`

>     * If `digger` is not `nil`, nor a (fake) player with name `""`, replicates

Reviewer: Same as before, remove the `nor a (fake) player with name "", part.`

    -- Otherwise should be name of node which the client immediately places
    -- on ground when the player places the item. Server will always update
    -- with actual result shortly.
    -- Note: The prediction includes effects made when placing (i.e. sounds). To

>     -- replicate them, modify on_place accordingly.

Author: I still disagree with the suggestion.

If you set `node_placement_prediction = ""`, you don't want the default node placement.
A realistic example where the heuristic would work is if you just place the node rotated differently (because the placed node would then *also* have `node_placement_prediction = ""`, because it's the same node (`item_place_node` doesn't know which item caused the place)).
But in many other scenarios, you won't place the node that was used as placing item, instead you want to place a different node, e.g. make a bed item that will place a 2-node bed, and then you will be confused why there is no sound, but if you change the `node_placement_prediction = ""` of the placed node, it suddenly works, even though it should just control the placement prediction when placing the placed item (i.e. the upper bed node ("Why does this mod set the placement prediction of this "you hacker you" node, no player can place it anyways?")).
I do not want such hacky abuse of values in the API.
